Docs: Local evaluation pricing explanation (#6338)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/bootstrapping-and-local-evaluation.mdx

    selfServe: full
    enterprise: full
---

PostHog offers two main ways to use feature flags. 

> - You can send a `decide` request to the PostHog API to resolve a flag, or 

Reviewer: We call it decide request, but I think this will be more clearer to non-posthog people

```suggestion
- You can send a request to the PostHog `/decide` API endpoint to resolve a flag, or 
```

## Server-side local evaluation

If you're using our server-side libraries, you can use local evaluation to improve performance instead of making additional API requests. 

> We consider it best practice to use local evaluation flags where possible because this method enables you to resolve flags faster. This is especially true if you’re using multiple flags at once — instead of sending a `decide` request per flag and waiting for each call to resolve, you simply serve the correct flags all at once based on the definition data. 

Reviewer: A decide request has information for _all flags_ for the current person. But you need to call decide again if it's for a *different user*.

```suggestion
We consider it best practice to use local evaluation flags where possible because this method enables you to resolve flags faster. This is especially true if you need to evaluate flags for multiple users — instead of sending a `decide` request per user and waiting for each call to resolve, you simply serve the correct flags all at once based on the definition data. 
```

Local evaluation calls are also more efficient. Instead of calling the API for each user, you can re-use the definitions for multiple users. 

> > For billing purposes we count a local evaluation as being equivalent to 10 `decide`requests. Users generally retrieve the payloads of hundreds or thousands of users at once, so this ensures local evaluation is priced fairly but normally remains the most cost-effective option by far. 

Reviewer: The local evaluation request downloads what the flag says it needs to match with. So for example, if your feature flag was: "Enable for all users in USA", what the local evaluation request downloads is: "Flag 1 = 'Enable for all users in USA'".

In contrast, with decide request, you give it a user ID, and it returns "Flag 1 = 'true or false', Flag 2 = 'true or false', etc. etc. "

```suggestion
> For billing purposes we count a local evaluation API request as being equivalent to 10 `decide` requests. One local evaluation request can compute feature flags for hundreds or thousands of users, so this ensures local evaluation is priced fairly but normally remains the most cost-effective option by far. 
```

## Server-side local evaluation

If you're using our server-side libraries, you can use local evaluation to improve performance instead of making additional API requests. 

We consider it best practice to use local evaluation flags where possible because this method enables you to resolve flags faster. This is especially true if you’re using multiple flags at once — instead of sending a `decide` request per flag and waiting for each call to resolve, you simply serve the correct flags all at once based on the definition data. 

Local evaluation calls are also more efficient. Instead of calling the API for each user, you can re-use the definitions for multiple users. 

> For billing purposes we count a local evaluation as being equivalent to 10 `decide`requests. Users generally retrieve the payloads of hundreds or thousands of users at once, so this ensures local evaluation is priced fairly but normally remains the most cost-effective option by far. 

Server-side local evaluation requires:

> 1. knowing and passing in all the person or group properties the flag relies on
> 2. initializing the library with your personal API key (created in your account settings)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Knowing and passing in all the person or group properties the flag relies on.
2. Initializing the library with your personal API key (created in your account settings).
```
